Create swift classes protocols and tuples (#424)
Codecademy/docs: content/swift/concepts/tuples/tuples.md

---
Title: 'Tuples'

> Description: 'Tuples compound multiple values into a single value.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Compounds multiple values into a single value.'
```
```suggestion
Description: 'Tuples compound multiple values into a single value.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'iOS'
  - 'Mobile Development'
Tags:
  - 'Tuples'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-swift'
  - 'paths/build-ios-apps-with-swiftui'
---

Tuples are a data type introduced in Swift version 4. They are used to group multiple values, separated by commas `,`, into a single value that is enclosed in parentheses `()`.

**Note:** Tuples are _compound types_. This means that they combine different types of data.

## Syntax

```swift
var myTuple = (value1, value2, ...)
```

**Note:** Names should be in camelCase.

## Accessing and Changing Values

> Values of a tuple can be accessed using indeces:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Values of a tuple can be accessed using indices:
```

```swift
var computerScience = (1960, "George Forsythe")

> print(computerScience.0)
> // Output: 1960
> print(computerScience.1)
> // Output: George Forsythe

Reviewer: ```suggestion
print(computerScience.0)
// Output: 1960

print(computerScience.1)
// Output: George Forsythe
```

```

> Values or elements can also be named and accessed through them:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Values or elements can also be referenced with a named property:
```
```suggestion
Values or elements can also be named and accessed through them:
```

```swift
var alanTuring = (
  name: "Alan Mathison Turing",
  born: 1912,
  inventions: ["Universal Turing Machine", "Bombe"]
)

print("\(alanTuring.name) was born in \(alanTuring.born) and invented the \(alanTuring.inventions[0]).")
// Alan Mathison Turing was born in 1912 and invented the Universal Turing Machine.
```

> These values can then be altered through their indeces or name:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These values can then be altered through their indices or name:
```

```swift
computerScience.0 = 1961
print(computerScience.0)
// Output: 1961

alanTuring.inventions.append("Automatic Computing Engine")
print(alanTuring.inventions)

> // Output: [""Universal Turing Machine", "Bombe", Automatic Computing Engine"]

Author: ```suggestion
// Output: ["Universal Turing Machine", "Bombe", "Automatic Computing Engine"]
```

---
Title: 'Tuples'
Description: 'Compounds multiple values into a single value.'
Subjects:
  - 'iOS'
  - 'Mobile Development'
Tags:

>   - 'Tuples'

Reviewer 2: Add some similar Tags:

`- 'Arrays'`
`- 'Dictionaries'`
`- 'Sets'`

CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-swift'
  - 'paths/build-ios-apps-with-swiftui'
---

Tuples are a data type introduced in Swift version 4. They are used to group multiple values, separated by commas `,`, into a single value that is enclosed in parentheses `()`.

> **Note:** Tuples are _compound types_. This means that they combine different types of data.

Reviewer 2: Take out italics.

## Syntax

```swift
var myTuple = (value1, value2, ...)
```

> **Note:** Names should be in camelCase.

Reviewer 2: Love the note here for camelCase and the other one above for PascalCase.
